---
layout: post
title: Syllabus
gh-badge: [star, fork, follow]
tags: [Syllabus]
author: Manas Gaur
---

## Class Timings and Room
Tuesdays and Thursdays: 10:00 AM to 11:15 AM Eastern Time
Room 237, ITE Building

### Class Participation (25%)

For each class, we will cover 1-2 academic papers. You are expected to thoroughly read these papers and complete approximately three pre-lecture questions, which are listed in the schedule table under "pre-lecture questions." These questions are due by 11:59 PM on the night before the lecture. The purpose of these questions is to assess your understanding and provoke thoughtful engagement with the material. They will count towards your class participation grade. The questions are not graded for accuracy; as long as you earnestly attempt to answer them, you will receive credit. During the final 20 minutes of each class, we will break into small groups to review and discuss these questions.

### Presentations (30%)

Each lecture will feature a 60-minute presentation delivered by a pair of students. Your objective is to educate the class on the assigned topic, so it's important to prepare your material thoroughly, create effective slides, and be ready to answer questions. The topics and presentation schedule will be determined at the start of the semester. Regular attendance and active participation in discussions are expected from all students.

- **Paper Selection:** 1-2 papers have been pre-selected for each topic. You are encouraged to incorporate additional background material or relevant content from the "recommended reading" list when appropriate.
- **Pre-Meeting Requirement:** You are required to meet with the instructor before your lecture. Meetings are scheduled for Monday (3:30-4:00 PM) for  Tuesday lectures and Wednesday (4:45-5:15 PM) for Thursday lectures. Please submit your draft slides on Discord by 11:59 PM the day before the meeting. We will review your slides during this time.
- **Presentation Frequency:** You will present 1-2 times during the semester and will receive feedback from 3-4 classmates on your presentation.

### Lecture Feedback (5%)

In addition to presenting, you are required to provide written feedback on the presentations of your peers. This feedback should be at least one page long and should include comments on the content, delivery, clarity, and completeness of the presentation. Bullet points are acceptable but should be detailed and constructive. Submit your feedback to the instructor or TA on Discord within a day of the lecture, preferably as a Google Doc link. You are expected to provide feedback 2-3 times over the course of the semester.

### Final Project (40%)

At the end of the course, you will complete a class project related to Knowledge-infused Learning and submit a final paper. Projects should be completed in teams of 2 or 3. There are two example types of projects you can pursue:

- **To-Be-Decided**

Each team is required to submit a project proposal by **October 14th, 11:59 PM**, and the final paper is due by **December 16th** (Dean's Date). In-class project presentations will be scheduled for **December 5th**. Detailed guidelines for the final project **will be announced**.
